### Reflections:
- [x] Now with the knowledge of a beginner in digital writing, I am interested in including this medium in my future works. However, throughout the course, I was able to experiment with other methods of digital writing. I did, however, choose Twine, as this was the first was my first time using this medium, thus creating my final piece – Burning Times. With twine, the more I used it, read the website and watched YouTube tutorials the easier it became. I would imagine all the things I could do once I could easily understand all its functions.
I began my story layout using Word, but soon came to the realization that writing my story directly onto Twine would make more of an understanding of where the scenes were to be placed within the story. I do feel the story is that of a basic story, but now with more of an interest and understanding I can and will create a more in-depth and larger story using twine in the future. The story is set in a forest with the intention of two opposing witches and demons fighting over nothing of importance, but to rather explore the sub-cultural alternatives to religions/beliefs systems. I decided Burning Times is for children 8-12 years of age, as it allows them to feel the sense of excitement about which team witch they want to choose and to let their imagination explore their own ideas of what is a belief system and do I want or not want one and the commitment that comes along with choosing to something, which then in return helps develop their own emotional intelligence.
The most consuming aspect of this project was the images, as I used the phone app Canva (unpaid account – hence the Canva watermarks). I created an aesthetic, then screenshot the images and emailed it to myself, opening it onto my laptop and downloading it then uploading it into a twine folder (GitHub folder) renaming the image then inserting it into Twine. I found it to be difficult to have the exact layout on the screen as I wanted with the text type I chose. However, feeling I may have missed steps or not understood the instructions, therefore not always having the result I was wanting aesthetically.
I liked the layout of twine as the story developed - looking like a growing tree and then branches of a tree into a neat package. However, always having to ‘publish to profile’ and then ‘push to origin’ on GitHub desktop then see the result on Netifly, didn’t make complete sense to me, as to why twine can’t publish its own work on its own site. (I understand these functions serve their own purpose). I found this way to feel dated and stripped back to basic (as in time consuming- having to understand three different platforms to tell a story. But in the end, I asked myself why I couldn’t grasp this concept and it came down to logistics, finding it hard to understand the functionalities of the website.
Overall, I found digital writing extremely challenging but was excited to absorb it. I was never sure as to where my classmates stood with their knowledge on digital writing, but gathered it was a new medium to most. I did tend to feel lost in most classes, but once studying the class notes in my own time, it became somewhat easier to grasp. I found eliterature.org to be inspiring as it is something I want to dive further into with my own work, as it allows another way to express writing visually.
